Implementation reports (#131)
w3c/rdf-star: reports/README.md

This is a collection of individual
[EARL reports](https://www.w3.org/TR/EARL10-Schema/) for
test subjects claiming JSON-LD processor conformance.

> The consolidated report is saved to `index.html` generated
> using the
> [earl-report Ruby gem](https://rubygems.org/gems/earl-report).
> Run it as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The consolidated report is generated using the
[earl-report Ruby gem](https://rubygems.org/gems/earl-report),
which saves it to `index.html`.

Run it as follows:
```
